wonder of the world wilderness tasmania
it was believed that before they called one
the only segment that started
break up about 180 million
years ago
appeared australasia and from the mainland
gradually divided the island of Tasmania
the glaciers left behind themselves
diverse highly rugged reserve
much of the island covers
primitive forests preserving parts
a bygone era
here is sarcastically who using his experience
whether main ant
she lays eggs
one than 14th milk
as stylish to the mullah capital
this is only the nose
night falls in the forest
Smolensk vodka bomb
animal handbags that are alike
kangaroo but with its own than a day on
stomach
at the bean then they spend there six months
on the island more than 15 types of marsupials are melting
only pictures of them
Tasmanian devils
so called for feeding
carrion
but the thing is that this animal is too
slow to catch live prey
here is the so-called red sea
amazing seascape
fund deep sea creatures of moscow
which is commonly found on
over two hundred meters deep here live on
shallow water no more than five meters from
surface
the water is red for not
contains creating falling into the sea for
the shores of the bay
red pigment does not let light in
shallow water of queens mark how the depths of the ocean
here the chimera veto is very sharp
deep sea fish
and this is on the seabed during jabra empire scientists
only recently discovered that here
These species of deep-sea fish inhabit
wildlife tasmania
mysterious wonderful world not
tired to hit our imagination